https://codepen.io/cokakpu/pen/WNvzgPB?editors=1100

!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic gives meaning to content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is a mark up language used to provide content before it is styled.
    used to give content to specific tags

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    used to give content to specific tags. in links and imgs

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    first header tag should in ideal situation just once at the top.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
     the name of the page and css external link to page.

    7. What is an id?
    its attached to html elements to identify a specific tag.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    div header, and much more.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    same as a tag but can be used on multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    same as an id. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    however many times you need.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by adding target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it is an alternative for when img doesnt show 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    by calling #id

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    no real difference 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html content 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id can be used only once class can be use multiple. you would use class if you want to apply a specific 
    tag to multiple elements

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    this is the nesting concept. when an element is nested in another it 
    becomes a child it works like real life hierchy 

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    pseudo selectors similar to attributes its extra styling in css

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    spacebar

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    cap lock

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    html{} 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
     /* */ multiple lines  //msingle line

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    it is listed next to name of your pc

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm then file name, because deletion is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it is good for updating work and you can also fork to make changes without altering the master file.

    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    when work is completed.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add colab, clone, branch, add, commit push, add peer review push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? it can not be moved with scolling
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 0, auto
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? margin,border, padding, content. 



   -->